Adding ability to run Starbase in a Docker container (#51)
JupiterOne/starbase: README.md

For additional information on using Neo4j as a storage endpoint, please see the
[README.md](docker/README.md) provided.

### Running Starbase - Docker

Alternatively, Docker can be used to run Starbase, minimizing the need to
locally install node and yarn.

1. Run `docker build --no-cache -t starbase:latest .` to create the Starbase
   docker image.
2. Run `docker-compose run starbase setup` to clone or update all integrations
   listed in the `config.yaml` file as well as install all dependencies for each
   integration.
3. Run `docker-compose run starbase run` to collect data for each listed
   integration and then push collected data to the storage endpoint listed in
   `config.yaml`.

> Note that OS X users in particular may see slower execution times when running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that macOS users in particular may see slower execution times when running
```
